this is the complete guide to Facebook
reals monetization we'll take you step
by step through how to monetize Facebook
reals so you can start leveraging this
awesome Facebook monetization stream as
soon as possible hey I'm that British
girl Jordana Grace and I may not know my
times tables but I do know how to
monetize Facebook reals and it's
actually pretty simple now there are
many ways to make money from Facebook
reals brand deals sponsors Affiliates
Etc but this video is all about Facebook
reals monetization and what ways you can
get paid directly from Facebook or meta
itself so right now there are actually
three ways you can monetize your reels
directly so let's run through them
option one using overlay ads now overlay
ads are positioned at the top of
Facebook reels in either a banner or a
sticker style they display transparently
over the real video allowing viewers to
see the ad without disrupting their real
watching experience if an overlay ad is
included in your real you receive a
share of the advertising income there
are two distinct types of overlay ads
banner ads and sticker ads sticker ads
are static image based and creators have
the ability to place a sticker anywhere
within their real and banner ads appear
like semi-transparent overlays situated
at the lower section of the video so
what is the criteria to be eligible to
use overlay ads if you're currently
eligible to monetize your videos with
instream ads for On Demand on Facebook
then great you'll also be eligible to
monetize your reals with overlay ads you
don't need to opt in the reals you share
publicly on Facebook or automatically be
eligible to monetize with overlay ads
however I'm not even eligible yet for
instream ads and so I'm not eligible for
overlay ads your Facebook page needs to
meet certain criteria and if you're
unsure of your eligibility you can check
by following the link in the description
below instream ads are short ads that
you can include in your uploaded videos
to earn money these are best for
uploaded videos and the content needs to
be suitable for ads to be eligible you
need 5,000 followers and 60,000 total
eligible minutes viewed in the the last
60 days and five active videos on your
page you can monetize Facebook reels by
earning stars stars is a virtual
currency that your viewers can purchase
and send to their favorite creators to
show their support hopefully like me so
when someone plays your real they can
tap on the star icon in the right hand
side of the screen and send stars to
your creator page they can choose from
50 200 500 or a custom amount of stars
Ascend along with a personal comment
this is something that I've recently
enabled on my page and I'm really
excited to see how it goes and at the
time of filming this video one star
equals
.01 so 1 cent 100 stars is $1 and 10,000
stars is $1 you can only withdraw the
money from your Stars When You Reach
$10,000 stars or $100 and to track your
star count visit your streamer dashboard
and check out the star stats to be
eligible to receive Stars creators must
meet the following criteria be at least
18 years old live in a country where
stars are available have a Creator page
and meet Facebook's Community standards
and partner monetization policies once
you're eligible to receive Stars you
need to enable the feature on your
creator page once enabled viewers will
be able to send stars to the creators
while watching their reals creators can
view how many stars they have received
on each real next to the Stars button
they can also view their total Stars
earning on their creative page stars is
a relatively new feature but has quickly
become a very popular way for fans to
show their support for their favorite
creators it is also a great way for
creators to earn money from their reals
even if they're not eligible for the
reals play bonus program or do not have
overlay ads enabled here are some tips
for the creators who want to earn more
stars from their reels create engaging
and high quality reels that your
audience will love like this promote
your reals on your other social media
platforms and encourage your followers
to watch them interact with your
audience and respond to their comments
and questions because that also creates
an amazing Community poost live streams
and encourage your viewers to send you
stars and thank your viewers for sending
you stars and let them know know how
much you appreciate their support option
three Facebook reals play button bonus
program this play bonus program gives
creators the opportunity to earn money
from Facebook by creating and sharing
eligible reels on Facebook currently
this program is invite only but it pays
eligible creators a bonus R reals that
get at least 1,000 views over a thday
period on Facebook to be eligible for
the program creators must be at least 18
years old live in the United States and
meet Facebook's Community standards and
partner monetization policies so right
now I personally can only use a star
system but I highly recommend checking
out your meta monetization tab on
Facebook so you can see what you're
eligible for as you could start earning
just by posting your awesome re now you
know how to monetize your Facebook reals
step by step so why not check out the
video here so you can learn more inside
tips there's also a link to my YouTube
channel and I'd love to see you over
there and as always we've got a bunch of
links and resources in the description
below to help you out with the next one
I'm that British girl Jordana Grace and
thanks for watching we'll see you next
time